actually want because we think a
different path is going to help us
survive get by pay our bills or meet our
needs in the world I pulled out my
journal and I wrote at the top of it
I'm my own kidnapper
I listed all of the ways over the years
that I silenced the truth of what I
actually want all of the times that I
took myself captive on soul-crushing
journeys that I didn't even want to be
on I thought about how so many of us
choose majors in college or career paths
that we don't even want to be on because
we think it's going to help us survive
get by or meet our needs in the world
but it doesn't have to be that way I
encourage you to ask yourself where am I
not being myself from the life that I
really want how am I giving away my
power getting into fear just to meet my
needs in the world when we go into fear
we give away our power and we disconnect
from who we really are and what we
really want but as a career coach I've
learned that there are three key steps
that you can take right now to make what
I love to call a u-turn which is the
decision to get out of fear and come
home to yourself so the first step is to
do a self audit really ask yourself
where am i holding myself captive this
means being honest with yourself about
where you are what's working for you and
what isn't and if you think about it we
come into the world our natural state is
with so much love creativity think about
kids they have inspiration and yet over
time we're taught to fear and fear is a
necessary inner alarm system that we all
need to survive in the physical world
think about it we learn to look both
ways before we cross the street we learn
not to touch the stove when it's hot we
learn not to talk to strangers but over
time we get hurt life throws us
curveballs we learn to stop taking risks
and start being afraid we get afraid to
put ourselves out there we start calling
ourselves practical or realistic for
making choices that seem responsible
when really we're just so scared of
criticism
and if we're being really honest with
ourselves people who call themselves
realists are often just dreamers who got
their hearts broken somewhere along the
way so how do you make a u-turn you do a
self audit you've come home to yourself
and that's why one of my favorite
questions to ask people is what do you
know that you wish you didn't know what
do you know that you wish you didn't
know maybe some of you know that you're
hiding from the truth deep down you know
you're hiding from the truth maybe
you're hiding from the fact that you get
your job but you don't want to admit it
because you're scared and you don't know
where to go next
or maybe you're hiding from the fact
that you married the wrong person but
you're scared to admit it because it's
going to unravel your life to get a
divorce or maybe you know that
something's going on with your health
but you're scared to go to the doctor
because you don't want to hear the
diagnosis whatever it is tap into what's
deeply true for you seeing things as
they are not worse than they are not
better than they are
but as they actually are in order to
figure out what you really want you need
to see the truth of where you are and
maybe right now you feel pain bubbling
up inside of you as you look at what's
true for you but know this pain is often
a trampoline that will launch us into
our next stage of life if we're willing
to let it the second step is to follow
your freedom follow your freedom this
means paying attention to what feels
good to you so you can finally set
yourself free so you're probably
wondering right now okay Ashley how do I
feel what feels good very fair question
we live in a world right now of internet
trolls and tweets and text messages and
the data is officially in we are so
connected
were somehow according to research more
disconnected than ever in fact in the
United States alone 71% of the workforce
is on the job hunt and I believe as a
career expert that that is because
people don't like where they are more
than 70% of the United States is taking
prescription drugs and more than half of
marriages are ending in divorce we've
heard it all before do what you love and
the money will follow or my least
favorite piece of advice follow your
passion these short expressions are
often a fast-track to nowhere but when
you learn to really follow what feels
good to you your purpose is often either
right in front of you or on the
periphery of that so maybe you're
wondering well how do I really connect
to my body how do I feel what feels good
you're still being with this question
and that totally makes sense to me right
now scientists are calling our gut our
second brain and you've probably heard
the research that suggests that there's
more than 200 million neurons in our gut
which is equivalent to the size of a cat
or dog's brain so what does that mean to
you
that means if in your nervous system
you're feeling some sort of anxiety or
disconnect some nerves something feels
off to trust it because your body is a
messenger and it is constantly giving
you feedback in my early 20s when I
moved to Washington DC to work in
counterterrorism I didn't know if that
was going to be my ultimate career path
but something about it felt good to me
and guess what happened on the periphery
I succeeded in my career I learned how
to master the job hunt and I became a
career expert and guess what happened on
the periphery of that I became a
published author my biggest dream in a
world of climbing the corporate ladder
5-year plans and unnecessary degrees we
are all striving for something that is
so unrealistic
and it's perfection
but who you are at age 25 isn't gonna be
who you are at age 30 and it certainly
isn't going to be who you are at age 40
and that's why I invite you to see your
career as an experiment that really
meets you where you are a vehicle for
your own self-expression you can start
with writing down all of your ideas and
checking in with your body seeing how
they feel to you do you feel joy or do
you feel fear do you feel expansion or
do you feel contraction do you feel
liberation or do you feel suffocation
that's why one of my favorite tools to
recommend people that they use is called
a joy journal when you're feeling
disconnected for 30 days take the time
to write down every single moment that
moment that lit you up the most every
single day and I don't care if it's the
woman you talk to in the bathroom line
at the club or where the meeting you let
it work pay attention and at the end of
the 30 days take note of if there's any
patterns in your inspiration really ask
yourself what skill set am i using when
I'm the most inspiring because when
you're in your inspiration you're not
being run or kidnapped by your fear and
the third step is to engage so you don't
need let's say your cute little joy
journal isn't going to get you that love
interest that you've been pining over or
that dream job that you really want
action will my perfectionism is the
enemy of action and often I found that
perfectionism is a mask that we all wear
when we're afraid of failure so ask
yourself am i a perfectionist because
here's the truth of the matter clarity
comes from engagement it does not come
from thought limbo is powerless so if
you want to be powerful look at your
list pick something that feels good show
up see what feedback the universe gives
you make a commitment and know that you
can course correct along the way you
know looking back and thinking about the
fake kidnapping incident I think a lot
about my dad and all of the trauma that
he experienced that day nearly wiring
his entire life savings do some
strangers on the phone I think about how
the truth always really does leave clues
how he thought to ask if it was me or if
he could talk to me because early on in
the kidnapper conversation he wanted to
talk to me for proof some part of him
knew I think about how he gave away his
power in desperation and in
as we all do and most of all I thought
about my compassion for the kidnappers
and all of the lessons that I really
learned we all have the opportunity to
free ourselves and it starts with really
taking a look at who you are doing a
self audit following what feels good and
taking action no matter where you are in
your life right now you have the
opportunity to make a u-turn that means
connecting to the truth
connecting to your body connecting to
your joy most of all that means making

